the way to stop at the upholstery shop
on the way to the gym 72-73 oatmeal pick
50 off let have the upholstery shop we
propped the van Samantha's there we
brought the fan over to get the seat
stitched up I'm going to give this guy a
hard time man he's supposed to have my
71 Econoline seats done and my dodge see
I'd take a real quick walk around and
see what he's got going on
[Music]
I got read
[Applause]
[Music]
oh wow 390 390
yeah it's nice she showed you the little
terrors in here the driver's seat can't
do much with that huh
well I've run this one back there and
this one here there's a little tears
mm-hmm can you do anything
yeah truce a month I have to take this
it's out really how much temperature
live I'm able to figure out how to do
that because I got it on these men - how
about the back one that's the main one I
want to get bad yeah that's the main way
there's a electric right
I spun to take out I know I know you
don't see gets it all down party so
okay I have to pick up any way that they
can see that that's the main one if
these are a pain and they're too much
money I want to leave them I can't serve
okay that's fine
and then we're young second mom just
because yes the box he found a time when
I wasn't privacy whatever you think I
don't know what you can do it's the same
as a Cadillac in a Lincoln oh right yeah
like when it's fishing you can't really
know oh you were gonna take it out and
Reese stitch around it bro make do
something in the food scene around and
one outside but they won't look the same
there's anything but I can just put it
beside my take that other me go together
to see how they worked
whatever you think yeah about don't blow
up this one should I have to take it
away apart anyways I just want to make
it look a little it's really nice van
yeah that's it hmm that's very 20 the
Mercedes looks nice
thank you I got something else
hey now you to charge you right it's one
dollar a day oh this is gonna be ready
yeah oh wow that's cool
what colors we gonna paint it
well one owner car guy on the way to the
gym here partner calm you can hear that
of the k40 radar here hang on we're
gonna pass the radar box wait there goes
this thing pictures up quick we got the
anti-radar relay tower clocking clunking
masking device thing buddy lights on off
on the past we know when they're taking
our speed they can send us the ticket in
the mail minute Wow on the way the gym
check out harder comm check out 102 car
guy comm of course for all your cool
classic 1 & 2 the owner of classic Giro
muscle cars I sell cheap and beagles
pocket calm that's right
breeders website is up and going well
gonna drop off someone at the Lakeside
lot here probably gonna miss the light
so on the weight of the good thing it
didn't turn red in the camera on the way
to that gym and drop her on pyramid I
just kind of clip this in and see if I
can grab a picture of the back of a
Trans Am or something in case you I'll
sell that motorhome cheap I took a small
deposit that guy couldn't go through
well thanks for watching if you have
seen the other videos you know what the
back of the pins is full of then we'll
talk to you one owner car guy that come
cuz I'll heading out on the way to the
gym again and we're only a couple days
into this my dad did away he's over
there with the Lincoln oh my god that's
75 Chevy got a couple pins is back there
I might be coming up with later that's
pretty cool huh keeps burning up looks
nice it's rebuilt to keep spreading
enough fuel pumps fuel pump I don't know
why they had a bad ground or nothing hmm
nope in it John Deere green I've got a
whole gallon of John Deere green paint
that I bought and I really hate to go
non-original when the stainless on the
thing is just so beautiful it is very
straight on the stainless bumpers
everything straight there there little
moss comes right with it but well just a
quick once-over on the way out John
Deere green oh that could be my problem
there maybe something into that
aftermarket coil pack well that's kind
of a once twice three times around and
on the way to the gym and then that's
that thanks for watching there'll be a
lot more coming on hardener comm check
out that site and
that's about it thanks for watching have
a great day or night